How to build the iOS app:

1) First you need to build the LibreOffice core code for iOS. Put in
your autogen.input something like this:

--enable-debug
--enable-dbgutil
--enable-werror
--with-distro=LibreOfficeiOS

and build "normally". (Naturally, no unit tests will be run when
cross-compiling LibreOffice.) Of course there is no requirement to use
those --enable options; as a minimum, just
--with-distro=LibreOfficeiOS should work.

This will produce a large number of static archives (.a) here and
there in instdir and workdir, but no app that can be run as such. (You
can see a list of them in
workdir/CustomTarget/ios/ios-all-static-libs.list)

2) Do a separate clone of the online repo on macOS, but don't run any
make or open the Mobile project there yet.

3) Do a separate clone of the online repo on Linux, run autogen.sh,
and configure it with the --enable-iosapp option:

./configure --enable-iosapp

Then run make. That will produce files in loleaflet/dist, nothing
else. Copy those to the corresponding folder in the online clone
from step 2. This is what I do:

make clean && make && tar cf - loleaflet/dist | ssh misan.local 'cd lo/online-ios-device && tar xvf -'

where misan.local is the macOS machine where I build the app, in the
~lo/online-ios-device folder.

4) In the online folder form step 2, edit the
Mobile/Mobile.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj file in your favourite text
editor.

Change all instances of ../../../../ios-device to the path to where
you built LibreOffice core for iOS in step 1. Change the value of
PNGINSTDIR to where you have installed libpng compiled for iOS. Change
POCOINSTDIR to where you have installed Poco compiled for iOS.

Then run:

./autogen.sh

and

./configure --enable-iosapp --with-iosapp-name="My Own Mobile LibreOffice"

The only purpose of running the configure script in this tree is to
get the app name as the CFBundleDisplayName property into the
Mobile/Mobile/Info.plist file.

Sure, as we require editing the project.pbxproj file anyway, we could
as well also require editing the Info.plist file and avoid having to
run the configure script.

Or maybe the other way around, should we also have the configure
script expand the project.pbxproj file, passing the configure script
pointers to the LibreOffice source and build directories, and POCO and
PNG install directories. Those would then expaned in project.pbxproj,
and it wouldn't need to be hand-edited.

4) Now you can open the Mobile Xcode project, build it, and run it.
